docs: maintain the tutorial quadrant (#1002)
canonical/rockcraft: docs/tutorial/index.rst

.. _tutorial:

Tutorial
========

The tutorials are lessons for newcomers to Rockcraft where learning takes place by
working directly with the tool. Each tutorial has a tangible result at the end, so
you'll have confirmation for completing them in something you can keep and revisit

> later. They are designed as controlled scenarios, so no prior setup is needed.

Reviewer: I like what you have here! A few thoughts:

* I think that "where learning takes place" might be presumptuous. The tutee just needs to follow the steps — any learning is incidental. While tutorials are written as learning experiences, I'd rather emphasize the _doing_ part of it.
* It feels odd to address the user ('you') starting in the second sentence. It's almost like we're accusing them of being a newcomer to Rockcraft. I'd throw this in at the end so that the user can decide if this is where they need to be after learning what the tutorial has to offer.

Here's my take on it. I'm sure we could refine this further, so feel free to play around with it.

```suggestion
The tutorials are comprehensive lessons that expose you to Rockcraft's fundamentals
through hands-on experience. They are designed as controlled scenarios, requiring no
prior setup. Each tutorial gives evidence of your completion in a tangible result that
you can revisit or expand on later. If you're a newcomer to Rockcraft, this is the best
place to start.
```

> later. They are designed as controlled scenarios, so no prior setup is needed.

Reviewer: Oooo, I like that much better.

I think the stiffness comes from the cadence of the second and third sentences. Let me know what you think of:

> The tutorials are guided lessons that help you develop skills by using Rockcraft. Each one is self-contained and delivers a usable result that marks a learning milestone and supports further exploration. If you're a newcomer to Rockcraft, this is the best way to start.

I'll leave it to you to bring this one home. o7

The first tutorial is a lesson that works through the main process of packaging a
rock with Rockcraft. It will introduce you to key concepts and operations, starting from

> installation and setup and progressing to finalizing your first rock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first tutorial works through the process of packaging a rock with Rockcraft. It will
introduce you to key concepts and operations, from installation and setup to the
finalizing of your first rock.
```

Author: 3b8a1eb

:ref:`tutorial-create-a-hello-world-rock`

In these application tutorials, you'll transform application source code into container

> applications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these application tutorials, you'll transform source code into container
applications:
```
